let's see whose it all said to all books
this week he of course is the champion
of the cha cha key of the quickstep and
famed for his Fox trotting oh my god
strictly legend de Becque
you must feel good about it can all be
wrong
one of the best reactions your phone
thank you very much you're also very
good dancer well I'm actually amazing a
dancer yeah in the intros and stuff yeah
always part of that big thing all the
group numbers the other week is when
it's professional with professionals
insanely good so much but then they just
take out the professional then they give
you an whitaker frustrates you or you
enjoy now i love it
i'm not saying this because i'm here and
chatting to you but i love that part of
it getting somebody who who just wants
to enter into the fun of the dances yeah
least convincing sentences
tonight hit this evening I'm here with
my beautiful wife hello Hannah
[Music]
I'm my equally beautiful mother-in-law
barrel and devilishly handsome
father-in-law
[Applause]
now I've heard something quite
extraordinary in the book a romantic
novel this is me this was good you got
one ooh try that again
I've written a novel by myself
that was the mister will you give away
the title one enchanted evening Raymond
De Gea's I know you're thinking that
sounds a lot like Anton do pet don't
know why you'd think that it's the most
bizarre thing that's ever happened it
was quite do you want to tell the story
now should I tell the story want me to
hope it's the same story so I was
walking and yeah you pulled up alongside
me I didn't roll down your window
it was traffic light you read traffic
light roll down your window and I say
yeah Michel and I like in a movie
say Anton Anton men's legs get in it's
the traffic lights
they turned green get in and you did
my whole life my mother has told me
never to talk to strangers get in a car
as soon as I see the pearly whites of
Anton de Becque
[Music]
into your view you are in we drove round
we chatted Georgia got back to the same
set of traffic lights and you drop me at
we go
[Applause]
well thank you for agreeing to play this
game yeah thank you
there's the thing you need to take off
there if you take up this through the oh
there you go look at that it's a glitch
if you'd like to pop your phone into the
glitter ball and we'll play send to all
there you go thank you very much
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm going to plug that into this yeah
that's very sweet but you've got
children you've got twins yes they
haven't made it onto the screen safe yet
no no we have brought them with us
tonight
where are they in the car you like sport
a lot of sport yeah yeah the golf fan
yes what are these what are these things
they're collapse
I love it oh you really like the old
constant so romantic
[Music]
[Applause]
that was awesome that was amrita comes
favorite that one
okay quick look at the the photos which
are here that looks like Antoninus oh
yeah Antoninus and for short
Antoninus it's so much joy when we walk
through the park or the woods with the
dog and it goes off on the lead and you
shout Antoninus Antoninus it's very
sweet and oh goodness this is a
basketball I'm presuming this was pre
twins that was morning off actually
about three hours after that photograph
was taken
we'd had twins you basically
[Applause]
so you kept her gated for the whole
criminal
okay and there you are with David
Beckham Alan Shearer
oh and this is one of your better dance
partners on Strictly
[Applause]
and there's your screensaver let's go
and pop this text in the photo so here's
the text the text we're going to send
into Anton's phone is as follows let's
face it these new I should clarify
before we do this you are the
longest-serving professional dancer on
Strictly you were there since the very
beginning first show yes video is that
1927 let's face it these new strictly
dancers make me look like a grand dad
got a quote for Botox boom lift I bag
removal and general lipo here comes the
fun bit there's an introduce a friend
offer
[Music]
at the clinic and I immediately sort of
you
[Applause]
it's a great deal in capitals what do
you reckon now how do you normally sign
sign off I normally start with a high my
love oh really
that saves me remembering are you
telling the truth no I promise true hi
my love saves me remembering any names
okay and signing invariably with a kiss
okay hi my love let's face it these new
strictly dancers make me look like a
granddad got it wait for Botox bum lift
I bag removal and general Leiper
there's an introduce a friend offer at
the clinic and I immediately thought of
you it's a great deal what do you reckon
charlie send that text to everybody
[Applause]
what replies and John guest
right lady German the time has come to
find out what replies Anton Tibet
so let's remind ourselves of the tet i
sent into Anton's phone earlier tonight
the text was hi my love let's face it
these strictly dancers make me look like
a granddad got a quote for Botox bum
lift eye bag removal and general ly /
there's an introduce a friend offer at
the clinic and I immediately thought of
you it's a great deal what do you reckon
so Anton you have asked everybody to
join you of a plastic surgery so let's
start with Gary Barlow Barlow's just
gone with too late I've had it all done
twice
they got nothing on you mate nothing to
worry about three kisses from Rinda oh
it's a great one Judge Rinda has said
you don't need it really good start I
like it make sure you check with Craig
Revel Horwood before you go it's
important to consult with an expert
before getting work done
very good he makes a very good point our
new Craig Revel Horwood three phases ago
Dawn French has seen straight through it
hi Michel
[Music]
Ronni Ancona don't think your current
plastic surgeon might be offended if you
switch clinics a little bit routed from
Ronnie Brendon Kohl's interested he's
just gone yes two-for-one deal sounds
great oh hi granddad I think I'll stick
to my sags and wrinkles thank you
[Applause]
he's a good welcome alan shearer use it
for your next dance partner
[Applause]
I will have the number for your hair man
though
okay I'll if it isn't strictly legend
himself Len Goodman ladies and gentlemen
Len Goodman has replied you're too late
I'm over in LA and just had a full
makeover every hole and cranny has been
tinkered with
[Applause]
while I was at it had a while' reduction
lovely ending sitting watching the Gulf
hope you in the family a well LG kiss
[Applause]
the Reverend Richard calls to text from
the Rev I'm in it is in capitals throw
in bingo wings and I'll do you a
two-for-one on the twins christening
[Applause]
[Music]
you